Updated Asset Cache page. (#1480)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/assets/pipeline/asset-cache.md

The Asset Database is only used by Asset Processor. The Asset Database is a development time database containing details about assets, jobs, **Asset Builders**, and scan directories. It contains all the information Asset Processor requires to determine which assets have been processed, and which assets need to be processed.

With the information in the Asset Database, Asset Processor can be suspended in the middle of a process job and resume when relaunched, rebuilding the queue of jobs to process.

### Asset Catalog

The Asset Catalog is a runtime catalog of product assets and product dependencies. The Asset Catalog contains a subset of information from the Asset Database; the information about assets required at runtime. **Asset Browser** uses the Asset Catalog to find the runtime product assets on disk that you request for your projects. 

> The Asset Catalog xml file on disk in your cache is not necessarily the same information that will be available in your running project. During development, by default the Editor and game launchers will load and use the assetcatalog.xml file for tracking assets. However in bundled release builds, you will only have assets available in the catalog that you have specifically mounted within [asset bundles.](/docs/user-guide/packaging/asset-bundler/) Each bundle contains a Delta Catalog, a subset of the Asset Catalog that contains information about the assets within that bundle. As asset bundles are mounted, the Delta Catalog xml file is loaded, and the in-memory Asset Catalog is expanded to contain the information from that Delta Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Asset Catalog XML file on disk in your cache is not necessarily the same information that will be available in your running project. During development, by default the Editor and game launchers will load and use the `assetcatalog.xml` file for tracking assets. However in bundled release builds, you will only have assets available in the catalog that you have specifically mounted within [asset bundles.](/docs/user-guide/packaging/asset-bundler/) Each bundle contains a Delta Catalog, a subset of the Asset Catalog that contains information about the assets within that bundle. As asset bundles are mounted, the Delta Catalog XML file is loaded, and the in-memory Asset Catalog is expanded to contain the information from that Delta Catalog.
```

> The Asset Catalog XML file on disk in your cache is not necessarily the same information that will be available in your running project. During development, by default the Editor and game launchers will load and use the `assetcatalog.xml` file for tracking assets. However in bundled release builds, you will only have assets available in the catalog that you have specifically mounted within [asset bundles.](/docs/user-guide/packaging/asset-bundler/) Each bundle contains a Delta Catalog, a subset of the Asset Catalog that contains information about the assets within that bundle. As asset bundles are mounted, the Delta Catalog XML file is loaded, and the in-memory Asset Catalog is expanded to contain the information from that Delta Catalog.

Reviewer 2: Editorial suggestions

```suggestion
The information in the Asset Catalog XML file in the cache is not the same information that is available in the runtime project. During development, **O3DE Editor** and game launchers use the `assetcatalog.xml` file for tracking assets. In bundled release builds, the only assets available in the catalog are those that are specifically mounted within [asset bundles.](/docs/user-guide/packaging/asset-bundler/) Each bundle contains a Delta Catalog, which is a subset of the Asset Catalog that contains information about the assets within the asset bundle. As asset bundles are mounted, the Delta Catalog XML file is loaded, and the in-memory Asset Catalog is expanded to contain the information from the Delta Catalog.
```

### Asset Cache

The Asset Cache contains the Asset Database, the Asset Catalog, and the product assets generated by Asset Builders.

The Asset Cache contains versions of the product asset for the host platform as well as versions for each target platform. For example, when you create a project for Windows and mobile platforms, the cache contains separate versions of the Asset Cache for Windows and each mobile platform. If you are developing the project on Windows and deploying on Windows, the same product assets are used for the host and target platforms.

In the `Cache` directory of your project, there are subdirectories for each platform supported by your project. In the platform directories, there are directories that correspond to every scan directory in which Asset Processor found source assets. The scan directories contain the product assets generated by Asset processor.

> If you delete or modify some files in your asset cache, the asset processor may not notice this because it assumes the only changes to the asset cache will be done by the asset processor. This includes deleting product asset files from your cache while the asset processor is not running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Asset Processor assumes it is the only process that makes changes to the Asset Cache. If you modify or delete files in the Asset Cache, including deleting product asset files while Asset Processor is not running. the changes might not be noticed by Asset Processor.
```

> The Asset Cache is used during development, by default the Editor and game launchers in development builds will load assets from the asset cache. Release builds are intended to use [bundled assets.](/docs/user-guide/packaging/asset-bundler/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Asset Cache is used during development, and by default the Editor and game launchers in development builds will load assets from the asset cache. Release builds are intended to use [bundled assets.](/docs/user-guide/packaging/asset-bundler/)
```

> The Asset Cache is used during development, and by default the Editor and game launchers in development builds will load assets from the asset cache. Release builds are intended to use [bundled assets.](/docs/user-guide/packaging/asset-bundler/)

Reviewer 2: Editorial suggestions. Is it more accurate to just say "release builds use bundled assets"?

```suggestion
The Asset Cache is used during development, and by default the Editor and game launchers in development builds load assets from the asset cache. Release builds use [bundled assets.](/docs/user-guide/packaging/asset-bundler/)
```

Author: I mostly took this change. I wanted to make it clear it was the default behavior in release builds (implying you can change it).

See the updates here https://github.com/o3de/o3de.org/pull/1522
